# AAF Licenses

This repository is a collection of Licenses from **[Aldrin's Art Factory](https://aldrinsartfactory.com)**, authored by *[Aldrin Mathew](http://aldrinmathew.com)*. Before ***forking/cloning*** this repository, please read the Disclaimer section below.

## Disclaimer & FORK/CLONE Information

This applies ONLY to this repository, its representation in an alternate form (Archived File, Translations, Forked Repositories...) and any copy of this repository hosted elsewhere. **This DOES NOT apply to works, softwares, products, content that use or are licensed under any of the licenses provided by the License Host and the License Author.**

- **The *files in this repository/collection* are neither licensed as open source, nor are those in the public domain. The files are not available to the public for modification.** You can however report Issues found with the licenses or any other content found in this repository. You may also request for any Features (recognised as extensions/modifications/additions) that you want to see added in the licenses.
- The files are added to this public platform so as to provide better accessibility of the licenses for the public, creators, professionals and other potential users of those licenses.
- ***FORK Info***: The ***License Host*** and the ***License Author*** acknowledges that various platforms like Github, Bitbucket... that offer public access and GUI support to Version Control Systems like git, mercurial... and other similar platforms, also offer an option/feature for its users to ***Fork*** and ***Clone*** repositories and data collections. ***We*** see and recognise the action/feature to 'Fork', 'Clone' or any identical feature provided by those platforms, or any other GUI or Non-GUI platforms/services as being native to those platforms/services. ***Your*** right/permission to use/exercise said features is not upto ***Us*** to provide or regulate. *BUT*, as specified in the Terms of Service, EULA, and other User-targeted policies of such platforms, ***You exercise the right/permission to use that feature ONLY as it is, and NOT to modify, redistribute, reproduce, repurpose, or sell the content as your own, UNLESS you are permitted by the owner/author of the repository/data collection to perform those actions.***
- ***What can you do?*** The License Author and License Host recognise forking and cloning and any identical or alternative activities from various platforms/services as a chance for you to host an exact copy of the Content. You are NOT permitted to modify, make alterations/updates, and redistribute the content of this repository as your own. You ARE however permitted to distribute and host an exact copy of this repository as generated by the Fork/Clone feature. Forking/Cloning or making modification to the content of this repository DOES NOT redefine YOU as the License Host or the License Author.

## Definitions

- **License Author** - refers to ***[Aldrin Mathew](https://aldrinmathew.com)*** and identifies him as the Author of all licenses hosted by Aldrin's Art Factory. These licenses are named with the characters 'AAF' or 'aaf' in the beginning. If there ever is a change in the License Author, it will be mentioned in the License page.
- **License Host** - refers to ***[Aldrin's Art Factory](https://aldrinsartfactory.com)*** which is a company founded by Aldrin Mathew on 27th October 2020. It is under the ownership and sole proprietorship of Aldrin Mathew. If there ever is a change in the License Host, it will be mentioned in the License page.
- ***We, Us*** - refers to the collective of Aldrin Mathew and Aldrin's Art Factory.
- ***You, Your*** -  refers to any person reading this document and/or falls under the specified context, if any. The person might or might not use any of the licenses provided by the License Host. The person could be someone who wants to make a fork/clone, or redistribute or host this repository. If the person performs the action of hosting this repository and its contents, that DOES NOT redefine the person as the License Host or the License Author.